Okay. So now let's go over the solution for case C. So in this case,
we want to use all three features.
So we use our function get_subset passing in X,
and we want to choose feature zero,
feature one, and feature two.
Here we want to instantiate a decision tree regressor.
So sklearn.tree.DecisionTreeRegressor.
Then we want to fit it to the data S_union_i,
and the labels are in y.
So the sample input for all three features is going to be one for all three features,
and remember we need to reshape
that one-dimensional array to be two-dimensional with one row,
and in this case it's going to be three columns.
We're going to make a prediction using this model.predict on this sample input.
So as we expect,
it has the correct prediction that when both feature zero and feature,
our one, then the output is one.
Now, let's calculate the model when it predicts what just features wanting two.
So S is going to be get_subset X,
and we're going to choose feature one and feature two.
S is going to contain an essence of decision tree regressor.
So sklearn.tree.DecisionTreeRegressor.
Then we're going to fit it to the data that we give it,
which is in S. Those are the features and Y are the labels.
Okay. So the sample input for these two features going to be one and one,
and then remember to reshape the one-dimensional array into two-dimensional with one row,
and in this case,
it's going to be two columns.
So now, we're going to take the model and predict on the sample input,
and it's 0.5 as we expect.
So now, the difference is going to be the prediction of
S_union_i minus the prediction when it just has the set of S features.
So the difference is one minus 0.5,
which is 0.5, and that's the marginal contribution.
Now, calculate the weights.
So that means calculate that expression that contains all those factorials.
So size S is going to be S.shape.
It's going to be index one of that,
it's going to be the same as what we saw earlier.
So calc.weights, it's going to take size S,
then M is the total number of features.
This should give us two divided by six,
which is one-third, which is what we see here.
Great. So now, one more case which is quite interesting,
is case D. So please continue on with the next video.